added-link-to-early-years-campaign (#4267)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/age-groups-and-specialisms/early-years-teachers.md

Contact accredited early years training providers directly to apply for a place.

<a href="https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/early-years-initial-teacher-training-itt-providers-and-school-direct-early-years-lead-organisations/early-years-initial-teacher-training-itt-providers-and-school-direct-lead-organisations" class="button">Find early years training providers</a>

> <p>Interested in exploring other opportunities working with pre-school children? <a href =' https://earlyyearscareers.campaign.gov.uk/?utm_source=Website &utm_medium=GiT'>Find out more about a range of careers in early years education</a>. </p>

Reviewer: Maybe change 'working with' to 'to work with' to break the long words up a bit

> <p>Interested in exploring other opportunities working with pre-school children? <a href =' https://earlyyearscareers.campaign.gov.uk/?utm_source=Website &utm_medium=GiT'>Find out more about a range of careers in early years education</a>. </p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p>Interested in exploring other opportunities working with pre-school children? [Find out more about a range of careers in early years education](https://earlyyearscareers.campaign.gov.uk/?utm_source=Website&utm_medium=GiT).</p>

```
I _think_ the formatting of the link needs changing slightly? There is guidance on link formatting in markdown files in our content guidance (although it is a bit sparse!): https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app/blob/master/docs/content.md#links)
